Overview of ASP.NET Core updates (#35802)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/release-notes/aspnetcore-1.1.md

## Additional Information

* [ASP.NET Core 1.1.0 Release Notes](https://github.com/dotnet/aspnetcore/releases/tag/1.1.0)

> * To connect with the ASP.NET Core development team's progress and plans, tune in to [.NET Live TV](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/live).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To connect with the ASP.NET Core development team's progress and plans, tune in to [.NET Live TV](https://live.dot.net).
```
